AI agents are now working for you
directly in Bill Pay. They're fully
autonomous, understand the context
behind invoices, and take action for
you. Let's see how they work across your
AP workflow. As soon as invoices are
uploaded to Bill Pay, the agent
leverages over 60 plus signals to flag
for suspicious fraud. You'll get
notified directly in the draft bill
dashboard and be able to drill into what
exactly the agent uncovered.
Now it's time to upload a bill. Once
invoices are forwarded to your AP inbox
or dropped directly into Bill Pay, all
of the bill details will be prefilled
using RAMP's industry-leading OCR
technology in just a matter of seconds.
The AP agent takes this a step further
and codes each line item for you,
creating a zeroouch processing
experience. The agent learns how you've
coded in the past along with leveraging
the invoice's metadata and vendor
information. If the coding logic needs
to be updated, you can train the agent
to leverage specific parts of the
invoice as context for future codings.
Simply highlight an area of the invoice
you want to use as coding context, and
the agent will remember the logic for
all future invoices.
Next, it's time to pay. The AP agent
will flag invoices where the vendor
accepts card payments so you maximize
cash back opportunities.
If the invoice is generated from
QuickBooks, the agent will spin up a
virtual card and apply the card details
within the payment portal for you on the
scheduled payment date. You now get cash
back with zero manual effort.
Users maintain control and autonomy for
how they want to go about paying their
invoices from AC wire check all the way
down to utilizing RAM's business account
for maximizing yield and liquidity.
Now your click is creating the bill.
Let's move on to the approver
experience. As bills are created and
sent off to stakeholders, the AP agent
creates an approval recommendation
summary so your team makes fully
informed decisions without having to
waste time double-checking details. When
the agent uncovers discrepancies, the
approver will be notified to review the
bill and highlight one or more areas
that might need your attention.
If no issues are detected, the agent
will recommend an approval detailing its
reasoning against the vendor history,
billing frequency, past approvals, and
more.
With bill pay agents, there's no setup
required, and they start working for you
as soon as you start paying bills in
RAM.